Adding more Q&A to the HotelService 2 FAQ (#2791)
concur/developer.concur.com: src/api-guides/travel/hotelservice2/faq.markdown

***

Q: How is AvailabilityStatus value `ChangeDuringStay` handled?

> A: The AvailabilityStatus value `ChangeDuringStay` does not have an effect in the display of rates in the shop workflow. Although one may expect there to be multiple `Rate` items when AvailabilityStatus is set to ChangeDuringStay, the vendor must return just 1 Rate object to cover the full stay in the AvailRS. This is documented https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/direct-connects/hotel-service-2/Availability.html#rates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A: The AvailabilityStatus value `ChangeDuringStay` does not have an effect in the display of rates in the shop workflow. Although one may expect there to be multiple `Rate` items when AvailabilityStatus is set to ChangeDuringStay, the vendor must return just 1 Rate object to cover the full stay in the OTA_HotelAvailRS object. This is documented https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/direct-connects/hotel-service-2/Availability.html#rates.
```

> For the RateDetailsRS, HotelService accepts multiple `Rate` objects for the case where AvailabilityStatus is `ChangeDuringStay`, however, it is optional https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/direct-connects/hotel-service-2/Rate-details.html#rates. These details are available to the user in the Rules and Cancellation Policy dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the RateDetails, HotelService accepts multiple `Rate` objects for the case where AvailabilityStatus is `ChangeDuringStay`, however, it is optional https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/direct-connects/hotel-service-2/Rate-details.html#rates. These details are available to the user in the Rules and Cancellation Policy dialog.
```

***

> Q: What is the usage of EffectiveDate and ExpireDate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Q: What is the usage of EffectiveDate and ExpireDate?
```

> A: When the AvailabilityStatus value is `ChangDuringStay` the dates are use to indicate the start and end dates for when the rate is in effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A: When the AvailabilityStatus value is `ChangeDuringStay` the dates are used to indicate the start and end dates for when the rate is in effect.
```

For example, given

```
<Rates>
  <Rate RateTimeUnit="FullDuration" EffectiveDate=“2020-10-25" ExpireDate=“2020-10-27">
    <Total AmountAfterTax=“220.00” AmountBeforeTax=“200.00" CurrencyCode=“USD”/>
  </Rate>
  <Rate RateTimeUnit="Day" EffectiveDate=“2020-10-27" ExpireDate=“2020-10-29">
    <Total AmountAfterTax=“440.00” AmountBeforeTax=“400.00” CurrencyCode=“USD”/>
  </Rate>
</Rates>
```
Then, the nightly rate breakdown (after tax) is computed as:  
10/25: $110 (Note that RateTimeUnit is FullDuration hence the indicated amount is over 2 nights, hence $110 per night)  
10/26: $110  

> 10/27: $440 (Note that RateTimeUnit is Day so indicated amount is per day)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10/27: $440 (Note that RateTimeUnit is Day so the indicated amount is per day)
```

10/28: $440

***

> Q: What is the usage of `GuestCount/AgeQualifyingCode`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Q: What is the usage of `GuestCount/AgeQualifyingCode`?
```

> A: This value indicates whether the guest is a child or adult. SAP Concur will only supports the value 10, indicating adult.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A: This value indicates whether the guest is a child or adult. SAP Concur only supports the value of 10 which represents an adult guest.
```

***

> Q: What is the difference between the value 'Committed' and 'Reserved' for ResResponseType

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Q: What is the difference between the value 'Committed' and 'Reserved' for ResResponseType?
```
